Style_guide (#1332)
spectrocloud/librarium: styleguide/Home.md

To ensure your documentation reflects our unique voice and style, we highly recommend starting by reviewing the [Style Guide](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Spectro-Cloud-Style-Guide). Create engaging, inclusive, and accessible content by incorporating the guide into your writing. Use the [Spectro Cloud Style Guide](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Spectro-Cloud-Style-Guide) to effectively translate our preferred communication approach into impactful documentation, ensuring that your content resonates with our audience and encourages interaction.
   

Also, check the [Content Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Content-Layout) page listing resources to structure your content layout: 
* [How-to Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/How-to-Layout) - A how-to’s purpose is to help the user perform a particular task correctly. Refer to the [How-to Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/How-to-Layout) to use the layout and learn how to create impactful How-to documentation.

> * [Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) - The Packs Layout provides an overview and guidelines for organizing and structuring packs within the documentation. A pack refers to a collection of related components, features, or modules that are grouped together for a specific purpose or functionality. Refer to the [Packs Layout][Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) to use the packs layout.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) - The Packs Layout provides an overview and guidelines for organizing and structuring packs within the documentation. A pack refers to a collection of related components, features, or modules that are grouped together for a specific purpose or functionality. Refer to the [Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) to use the packs layout.
```

> * [Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) - The Packs Layout provides an overview and guidelines for organizing and structuring packs within the documentation. A pack refers to a collection of related components, features, or modules that are grouped together for a specific purpose or functionality. Refer to the [Packs Layout][Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) to use the packs layout.

Author: ```suggestion
* [Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) - The Packs Layout provides an overview and guidelines for organizing and structuring packs within the documentation. A pack refers to a collection of related components, features, or modules that are grouped together for a specific purpose or functionality. Refer to the [Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) to use the packs layout.
```

   

All of our documentation is expected to follow a set of standard templates. The [Content Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Content-Layout) resource explains each of our writing artifacts in greater detail.  

The following list provides a high-level overview of the writing artifacts we use in our documentation.
* [How-to Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/How-to-Layout) - A how-to’s purpose is to help the user perform a particular task correctly. Refer to the [How-to Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/How-to-Layout) to use the layout and learn how to structure a how-to guide.

* [Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) - The Packs Layout provides an overview and guidelines for how to organize and structure a pack documentation page. Refer to the [Packs Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Packs-Layout) guide to learn more.
  

> * [Troubleshooting Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Troubleshooting-Layout) - All Spectro Cloud troubleshooting guides are expected to have the same look and feel. The guide must also feel familiar to the reader. Therefore, all troubleshooting guides must follow the layout standard described. Refer to the [Troubleshooting Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Troubleshooting-Layout) to use the troubleshooting layout.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Troubleshooting Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Troubleshooting-Layout) - All Spectro Cloud troubleshooting guides are expected to have the same look and feel. The guide must also feel familiar to the reader. Refer to the [Troubleshooting Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Troubleshooting-Layout) to learn how to structure a troubleshooting guide..
```

* [Tutorial Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Tutorial-Layout) - Our tutorials are written and structured in a specific manner and style.  Refer to the [Tutorial Layout](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Tutorial-Layout) guide to learn how to structure a tutorial for Spectro Cloud documentation.

Refer to the [Spectro Cloud Word List](https://github.com/rahulhazra97/Documentation-Guide/wiki/Spectro-Cloud-Word-List) to learn more about the choices we have made when it comes to certain words and their usage in our writing. 

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

For questions or concerns, email us at spectro-docs@spectrocloud.com
```

Let's add a way for users to contact us at the landing page.
